ID 14094572 Name Rodrigo Bentancur Age 28 DOB 1997-06-25 Gender male Nationality Uruguay Contracted Club Tottenham Hotspur Club Contract Type Full-Time Wage £110k Contract Expires 30-06-2029 Contract Signed 01-07-2025 Value £48m Estimated Cost £94m Position DM Current Ability

change from previous game Potential Ability

change from previous game CA Remaining 21

This is a preview of what Rodrigo Bentancur looks like in FM26. Rodrigo Bentancur may be updated and look different if you are using the sortitoutsi FM26 Transfer Update which updates the Football Manager 26 database with all the latest transfers, updated squads and promotions and relegations. If you haven't tried it yet, check it out, t's the best Football Manager 26 Update you can download.

## FAQ

### How much does Rodrigo Bentancur cost in Football Manager 26?
Rodrigo Bentancur is valued at £48m in FM26 but you should expect to pay £94m if you want to buy him.

### How good is Rodrigo Bentancur in FM 26?
We rate Rodrigo Bentancur 3 / 5 stars in Football Manager 26.

### Is Rodrigo Bentancur likely to improve in FM 2026?
Rodrigo Bentancur has the potential ability to become rated 4/5 in Football Manager 26.

### Does Rodrigo Bentancur have random potential ability in FM2026?
No, Rodrigo Bentancur has fixed potential, this means how much he develops as a footballer will be the same in every new FM26 career you create.

### Is Rodrigo Bentancur injury prone in FM2026?
No, Rodrigo Bentancur is not injury prone in Football Manager 26. It is unlikely he will get more injuries than normal.

### What position does Rodrigo Bentancur play in FM26?
Rodrigo Bentancur plays as DM in Football Manager 26.

### What nationality is Rodrigo Bentancur in FM2026?
Rodrigo Bentancur is Uruguayan in Football Manager 26.

### How old is Rodrigo Bentancur?
Rodrigo Bentancur is 28 Years, 0 Months and 2 Days Old at the start of Football Manager 26. He was born on 25th June 1997.

### How much money does Rodrigo Bentancur earn at Tottenham Hotspur?
Rodrigo Bentancur earns £110k in wages while playing for Tottenham Hotspur in FM26.

### When does Rodrigo Bentancur contract expire in FM26?
Rodrigo Bentancur has a contract with Tottenham Hotspur until 30-06-2029.

### Does Rodrigo Bentancur have a minimum fee release clause in FM26?
No, Rodrigo Bentancur does not have a minimum fee release clause in Football Manager 26.
