ID 2000182795 Name Archie Gray Age 19 DOB 2006-03-12 Gender male Nationality England Contracted Club Tottenham Hotspur Club Contract Type Full-Time Wage £75k Contract Expires 30-06-2030 Contract Signed 01-07-2025 Value £56m Estimated Cost £220m Position D R, DM Current Ability

change from previous game Potential Ability

change from previous game CA Remaining 33

This is a preview of what Archie Gray looks like in FM26.

## FAQ

### How much does Archie Gray cost in Football Manager 26?
Archie Gray is valued at £56m in FM26 but you should expect to pay £220m if you want to buy him.

### How good is Archie Gray in FM 26?
We rate Archie Gray 3 / 5 stars in Football Manager 26.

### Is Archie Gray likely to improve in FM 2026?
Archie Gray has the potential ability to become rated 4/5 in Football Manager 26.

### Does Archie Gray have random potential ability in FM2026?
No, Archie Gray has fixed potential, this means how much he develops as a footballer will be the same in every new FM26 career you create.

### Is Archie Gray injury prone in FM2026?
No, Archie Gray is not injury prone in Football Manager 26. It is unlikely he will get more injuries than normal.

### What position does Archie Gray play in FM26?
Archie Gray plays as D R, DM in Football Manager 26.

### What nationality is Archie Gray in FM2026?
Archie Gray is English in Football Manager 26.

### How old is Archie Gray?
Archie Gray is 19 Years, 3 Months and 15 Days Old at the start of Football Manager 26. He was born on 12th March 2006.

### How much money does Archie Gray earn at Tottenham Hotspur?
Archie Gray earns £75k in wages while playing for Tottenham Hotspur in FM26.

### When does Archie Gray contract expire in FM26?
Archie Gray has a contract with Tottenham Hotspur until 30-06-2030.

### Does Archie Gray have a minimum fee release clause in FM26?
No, Archie Gray does not have a minimum fee release clause in Football Manager 26.
