ID 2000189871 Name Lewis Miley Age 19 DOB 2006-05-01 Gender male Nationality England Contracted Club Newcastle United Club Contract Type Full-Time Wage £36k Contract Expires 30-06-2029 Contract Signed 01-07-2025 Value £35m Estimated Cost £104m Position D R, DM, AM C Current Ability

change from previous game Potential Ability

change from previous game CA Remaining 15

This is a preview of what Lewis Miley looks like in FM26.

## FAQ

### How much does Lewis Miley cost in Football Manager 26?
Lewis Miley is valued at £35m in FM26 but you should expect to pay £104m if you want to buy him.

### How good is Lewis Miley in FM 26?
We rate Lewis Miley 3 / 5 stars in Football Manager 26.

### Is Lewis Miley likely to improve in FM 2026?
Even with good training and match time, Lewis Miley is unlikely to improve much in Football Manager 26.

### Does Lewis Miley have random potential ability in FM2026?
Yes, Lewis Miley has random potential in Football Manager 26.

### Is Lewis Miley injury prone in FM2026?
No, Lewis Miley is not injury prone in Football Manager 26. It is unlikely he will get more injuries than normal.

### What position does Lewis Miley play in FM26?
Lewis Miley plays as D R, DM, AM C in Football Manager 26.

### What nationality is Lewis Miley in FM2026?
Lewis Miley is English in Football Manager 26.

### How old is Lewis Miley?
Lewis Miley is 19 Years, 1 Months and 26 Days Old at the start of Football Manager 26. He was born on 1st May 2006.

### How much money does Lewis Miley earn at Newcastle United?
Lewis Miley earns £36k in wages while playing for Newcastle United in FM26.

### When does Lewis Miley contract expire in FM26?
Lewis Miley has a contract with Newcastle United until 30-06-2029.

### Does Lewis Miley have a minimum fee release clause in FM26?
No, Lewis Miley does not have a minimum fee release clause in Football Manager 26.
