ID 27088231 Name Mathias Jensen Age 29 DOB 1996-01-01 Gender male Nationality Denmark Contracted Club Brentford Club Contract Type Full-Time Wage £46k Contract Expires 30-06-2026 Contract Signed 01-07-2025 Value £32m Estimated Cost £37m Position DM Current Ability

change from previous game Potential Ability

change from previous game CA Remaining 3

This is a preview of what Mathias Jensen looks like in FM26.

## FAQ

### How much does Mathias Jensen cost in Football Manager 26?
Mathias Jensen is valued at £32m in FM26 but you should expect to pay £37m if you want to buy him.

### How good is Mathias Jensen in FM 26?
We rate Mathias Jensen 3 / 5 stars in Football Manager 26.

### Is Mathias Jensen likely to improve in FM 2026?
Even with good training and match time, Mathias Jensen is unlikely to improve much in Football Manager 26.

### Does Mathias Jensen have random potential ability in FM2026?
No, Mathias Jensen has fixed potential, this means how much he develops as a footballer will be the same in every new FM26 career you create.

### Is Mathias Jensen injury prone in FM2026?
Yes, Mathias Jensen is quite injury prone in Football Manager 26. It is likely he will get a few injuries, take this into consideration when thinking about signing him.

### What position does Mathias Jensen play in FM26?
Mathias Jensen plays as DM in Football Manager 26.

### What nationality is Mathias Jensen in FM2026?
Mathias Jensen is Danish in Football Manager 26.

### How old is Mathias Jensen?
Mathias Jensen is 29 Years, 5 Months and 26 Days Old at the start of Football Manager 26. He was born on 1st January 1996.

### How much money does Mathias Jensen earn at Brentford?
Mathias Jensen earns £46k in wages while playing for Brentford in FM26.

### When does Mathias Jensen contract expire in FM26?
Mathias Jensen has a contract with Brentford until 30-06-2026.

### Does Mathias Jensen have a minimum fee release clause in FM26?
No, Mathias Jensen does not have a minimum fee release clause in Football Manager 26.
