ID 28005568 Name Jordan Henderson Age 35 DOB 1990-06-17 Gender male Nationality England Contracted Club Brentford Club Contract Type Full-Time Wage £65k Contract Expires 30-06-2027 Contract Signed 01-07-2025 Value Estimated Cost £300m Position DM Current Ability

change from previous game Potential Ability

change from previous game CA Remaining 21

This is a preview of what Jordan Henderson looks like in FM26. Jordan Henderson may be updated and look different if you are using the sortitoutsi FM26 Transfer Update which updates the Football Manager 26 database with all the latest transfers, updated squads and promotions and relegations. If you haven't tried it yet, check it out, t's the best Football Manager 26 Update you can download.

## FAQ

### How much does Jordan Henderson cost in Football Manager 26?
Jordan Henderson is valued at in FM26 but you should expect to pay £300m if you want to buy him.

### How good is Jordan Henderson in FM 26?
We rate Jordan Henderson 3 / 5 stars in Football Manager 26.

### Is Jordan Henderson likely to improve in FM 2026?
Jordan Henderson has the potential ability to become rated 4/5 in Football Manager 26.

### Does Jordan Henderson have random potential ability in FM2026?
No, Jordan Henderson has fixed potential, this means how much he develops as a footballer will be the same in every new FM26 career you create.

### Is Jordan Henderson injury prone in FM2026?
Yes, Jordan Henderson is quite injury prone in Football Manager 26. It is likely he will get a few injuries, take this into consideration when thinking about signing him.

### What position does Jordan Henderson play in FM26?
Jordan Henderson plays as DM in Football Manager 26.

### What nationality is Jordan Henderson in FM2026?
Jordan Henderson is English in Football Manager 26.

### How old is Jordan Henderson?
Jordan Henderson is 35 Years, 0 Months and 10 Days Old at the start of Football Manager 26. He was born on 17th June 1990.

### How much money does Jordan Henderson earn at Brentford?
Jordan Henderson earns £65k in wages while playing for Brentford in FM26.

### When does Jordan Henderson contract expire in FM26?
Jordan Henderson has a contract with Brentford until 30-06-2027.

### Does Jordan Henderson have a minimum fee release clause in FM26?
No, Jordan Henderson does not have a minimum fee release clause in Football Manager 26.
