ID 28018613 Name Kieran Trippier Age 34 DOB 1990-09-19 Gender male Nationality England Contracted Club Newcastle United Club Contract Type Full-Time Wage £115k Contract Expires 30-06-2026 Contract Signed 01-07-2025 Value £4m Estimated Cost £8m Position D/WB R Current Ability

change from previous game Potential Ability

change from previous game CA Remaining 12

This is a preview of what Kieran Trippier looks like in FM26.

## FAQ

### How much does Kieran Trippier cost in Football Manager 26?
Kieran Trippier is valued at £4m in FM26 but you should expect to pay £8m if you want to buy him.

### How good is Kieran Trippier in FM 26?
We rate Kieran Trippier 3 / 5 stars in Football Manager 26.

### Is Kieran Trippier likely to improve in FM 2026?
Even with good training and match time, Kieran Trippier is unlikely to improve much in Football Manager 26.

### Does Kieran Trippier have random potential ability in FM2026?
No, Kieran Trippier has fixed potential, this means how much he develops as a footballer will be the same in every new FM26 career you create.

### Is Kieran Trippier injury prone in FM2026?
No, Kieran Trippier is not injury prone in Football Manager 26. It is unlikely he will get more injuries than normal.

### What position does Kieran Trippier play in FM26?
Kieran Trippier plays as D/WB R in Football Manager 26.

### What nationality is Kieran Trippier in FM2026?
Kieran Trippier is English in Football Manager 26.

### How old is Kieran Trippier?
Kieran Trippier is 34 Years, 9 Months and 8 Days Old at the start of Football Manager 26. He was born on 19th September 1990.

### How much money does Kieran Trippier earn at Newcastle United?
Kieran Trippier earns £115k in wages while playing for Newcastle United in FM26.

### When does Kieran Trippier contract expire in FM26?
Kieran Trippier has a contract with Newcastle United until 30-06-2026.

### Does Kieran Trippier have a minimum fee release clause in FM26?
No, Kieran Trippier does not have a minimum fee release clause in Football Manager 26.
