ID 28054565 Name Jordan Pickford Age 31 DOB 1994-03-07 Gender male Nationality England Contracted Club Everton Club Contract Type Full-Time Wage £190k Contract Expires 30-06-2029 Contract Signed 01-07-2025 Value  Estimated Cost £300m Position GK Current Ability

change from previous game Potential Ability

change from previous game CA Remaining 0 Jordan Pickford has peaked and will not improve in FM26.

This is a preview of what Jordan Pickford looks like in FM26.

## FAQ

### How much does Jordan Pickford cost in Football Manager 26?
Jordan Pickford is valued at  in FM26 but you should expect to pay £300m if you want to buy him.

### How good is Jordan Pickford in FM 26?
We rate Jordan Pickford 3 / 5 stars in Football Manager 26.

### Is Jordan Pickford likely to improve in FM 2026?
Even with good training and match time, Jordan Pickford is unlikely to improve much in Football Manager 26.

### Does Jordan Pickford have random potential ability in FM2026?
No, Jordan Pickford has fixed potential, this means how much he develops as a footballer will be the same in every new FM26 career you create.

### Is Jordan Pickford injury prone in FM2026?
No, Jordan Pickford is not injury prone in Football Manager 26. It is unlikely he will get more injuries than normal.

### What position does Jordan Pickford play in FM26?
Jordan Pickford plays as GK in Football Manager 26.

### What nationality is Jordan Pickford in FM2026?
Jordan Pickford is English in Football Manager 26.

### How old is Jordan Pickford?
Jordan Pickford is 31 Years, 3 Months and 20 Days Old at the start of Football Manager 26. He was born on 7th March 1994.

### How much money does Jordan Pickford earn at Everton?
Jordan Pickford earns £190k in wages while playing for Everton in FM26.

### When does Jordan Pickford contract expire in FM26?
Jordan Pickford has a contract with Everton until 30-06-2029.

### Does Jordan Pickford have a minimum fee release clause in FM26?
No, Jordan Pickford does not have a minimum fee release clause in Football Manager 26.
