ID 28058224 Name Ross Barkley Age 31 DOB 1993-12-05 Gender male Nationality England Contracted Club Aston Villa Club Contract Type Full-Time Wage £90k Contract Expires 30-06-2026 Contract Signed 01-07-2025 Value £21m Estimated Cost £25m Position DM, AM C Current Ability

change from previous game Potential Ability

change from previous game CA Remaining 16

This is a preview of what Ross Barkley looks like in FM26.

## FAQ

### How much does Ross Barkley cost in Football Manager 26?
Ross Barkley is valued at £21m in FM26 but you should expect to pay £25m if you want to buy him.

### How good is Ross Barkley in FM 26?
We rate Ross Barkley 3 / 5 stars in Football Manager 26.

### Is Ross Barkley likely to improve in FM 2026?
Even with good training and match time, Ross Barkley is unlikely to improve much in Football Manager 26.

### Does Ross Barkley have random potential ability in FM2026?
No, Ross Barkley has fixed potential, this means how much he develops as a footballer will be the same in every new FM26 career you create.

### Is Ross Barkley injury prone in FM2026?
Yes, Ross Barkley is quite injury prone in Football Manager 26. It is likely he will get a few injuries, take this into consideration when thinking about signing him.

### What position does Ross Barkley play in FM26?
Ross Barkley plays as DM, AM C in Football Manager 26.

### What nationality is Ross Barkley in FM2026?
Ross Barkley is English in Football Manager 26.

### How old is Ross Barkley?
Ross Barkley is 31 Years, 6 Months and 22 Days Old at the start of Football Manager 26. He was born on 5th December 1993.

### How much money does Ross Barkley earn at Aston Villa?
Ross Barkley earns £90k in wages while playing for Aston Villa in FM26.

### When does Ross Barkley contract expire in FM26?
Ross Barkley has a contract with Aston Villa until 30-06-2026.

### Does Ross Barkley have a minimum fee release clause in FM26?
No, Ross Barkley does not have a minimum fee release clause in Football Manager 26.
