ID 28067800 Name Jack Grealish Age 29 DOB 1995-09-10 Gender male Nationality England Contracted Club Manchester City Loan Club Everton Club Contract Type Full-Time Wage £270k Contract Expires 30-06-2027 Contract Signed 01-07-2025 Value £57m Estimated Cost £54m Loan Expires 31-05-2026 Position AM RLC Current Ability

change from previous game Potential Ability

change from previous game CA Remaining 25

This is a preview of what Jack Grealish looks like in FM26. Jack Grealish may be updated and look different if you are using the sortitoutsi FM26 Transfer Update which updates the Football Manager 26 database with all the latest transfers, updated squads and promotions and relegations. If you haven't tried it yet, check it out, t's the best Football Manager 26 Update you can download.

## FAQ

### How much does Jack Grealish cost in Football Manager 26?
Jack Grealish is valued at £57m in FM26 but you should expect to pay £54m if you want to buy him.

### How good is Jack Grealish in FM 26?
We rate Jack Grealish 3 / 5 stars in Football Manager 26.

### Is Jack Grealish likely to improve in FM 2026?
Jack Grealish has the potential ability to become rated 4/5 in Football Manager 26.

### Does Jack Grealish have random potential ability in FM2026?
No, Jack Grealish has fixed potential, this means how much he develops as a footballer will be the same in every new FM26 career you create.

### Is Jack Grealish injury prone in FM2026?
No, Jack Grealish is not injury prone in Football Manager 26. It is unlikely he will get more injuries than normal.

### What position does Jack Grealish play in FM26?
Jack Grealish plays as AM RLC in Football Manager 26.

### What nationality is Jack Grealish in FM2026?
Jack Grealish is English in Football Manager 26.

### How old is Jack Grealish?
Jack Grealish is 29 Years, 9 Months and 17 Days Old at the start of Football Manager 26. He was born on 10th September 1995.

### How much money does Jack Grealish earn at Manchester City?
Jack Grealish earns £270k in wages while playing for Manchester City in FM26.

### When does Jack Grealish contract expire in FM26?
Jack Grealish has a contract with Manchester City until 30-06-2027.

### Does Jack Grealish have a minimum fee release clause in FM26?
No, Jack Grealish does not have a minimum fee release clause in Football Manager 26.

### Is Jack Grealish on loan in Everton?
Yes Jack Grealish is on loan to Everton in Football Manager 26.
