ID 28060397 Name John Stones Age 31 DOB 1994-05-28 Gender male Nationality England Contracted Club Manchester City Club Contract Type Full-Time Wage £200k Contract Expires 30-06-2026 Contract Signed 01-07-2025 Value £53m Estimated Cost £54m Position D RC, DM Current Ability

change from previous game Potential Ability

change from previous game CA Remaining 8

## FAQ

### How much does John Stones cost in Football Manager 26?

John Stones is valued at £53m in FM26 but you should expect to pay £54m if you want to buy him.

### How good is John Stones in FM 26?

We rate John Stones 4 / 5 stars in Football Manager 26.

### Is John Stones likely to improve in FM 2026?

Even with good training and match time, John Stones is unlikely to improve much in Football Manager 26.

### Does John Stones have random potential ability in FM2026?

No, John Stones has fixed potential, this means how much he develops as a footballer will be the same in every new FM26 career you create.

### Is John Stones injury prone in FM2026?

Yes, John Stones is very injury prone in Football Manager 26 and it is likely he will get alot of injuries. Best to avoid signing him.

### What position does John Stones play in FM26?

John Stones plays as D RC, DM in Football Manager 26.

### What nationality is John Stones in FM2026?

John Stones is English in Football Manager 26.

### How old is John Stones?

John Stones is 31 Years, 0 Months and 30 Days Old at the start of Football Manager 26. He was born on 28th May 1994.

### How much money does John Stones earn at Manchester City?

John Stones earns £200k in wages while playing for Manchester City in FM26.

### When does John Stones contract expire in FM26?

John Stones has a contract with Manchester City until 30-06-2026.

### Does John Stones have a minimum fee release clause in FM26?

No, John Stones does not have a minimum fee release clause in Football Manager 26.
