ID 28097985 Name Tammy Abraham Age 27 DOB 1997-10-02 Gender male Nationality England Contracted Club Aston Villa Club Contract Type Full-Time Wage £130k Contract Expires 30-06-2030 Contract Signed 01-07-2025 Value £36m Estimated Cost £41m Position ST Current Ability

change from previous game Potential Ability

change from previous game CA Remaining 15

This is a preview of what Tammy Abraham looks like in FM26.

## FAQ

### How much does Tammy Abraham cost in Football Manager 26?
Tammy Abraham is valued at £36m in FM26 but you should expect to pay £41m if you want to buy him.

### How good is Tammy Abraham in FM 26?
We rate Tammy Abraham 3 / 5 stars in Football Manager 26.

### Is Tammy Abraham likely to improve in FM 2026?
Even with good training and match time, Tammy Abraham is unlikely to improve much in Football Manager 26.

### Does Tammy Abraham have random potential ability in FM2026?
No, Tammy Abraham has fixed potential, this means how much he develops as a footballer will be the same in every new FM26 career you create.

### Is Tammy Abraham injury prone in FM2026?
Yes, Tammy Abraham is quite injury prone in Football Manager 26. It is likely he will get a few injuries, take this into consideration when thinking about signing him.

### What position does Tammy Abraham play in FM26?
Tammy Abraham plays as ST in Football Manager 26.

### What nationality is Tammy Abraham in FM2026?
Tammy Abraham is English in Football Manager 26.

### How old is Tammy Abraham?
Tammy Abraham is 27 Years, 8 Months and 25 Days Old at the start of Football Manager 26. He was born on 2nd October 1997.

### How much money does Tammy Abraham earn at Aston Villa?
Tammy Abraham earns £130k in wages while playing for Aston Villa in FM26.

### When does Tammy Abraham contract expire in FM26?
Tammy Abraham has a contract with Aston Villa until 30-06-2030.

### Does Tammy Abraham have a minimum fee release clause in FM26?
No, Tammy Abraham does not have a minimum fee release clause in Football Manager 26.
