ID 28107919 Name Reiss Nelson Age 25 DOB 1999-12-10 Gender male Nationality England Contracted Club Arsenal Loan Club Brentford Club Contract Type Full-Time Wage £90k Contract Expires 30-06-2027 Contract Signed 01-07-2025 Value £24m Estimated Cost £21m Loan Expires 31-05-2026 Position AM RL Current Ability

change from previous game Potential Ability

change from previous game CA Remaining 18

This is a preview of what Reiss Nelson looks like in FM26.

## FAQ

### How much does Reiss Nelson cost in Football Manager 26?
Reiss Nelson is valued at £24m in FM26 but you should expect to pay £21m if you want to buy him.

### How good is Reiss Nelson in FM 26?
We rate Reiss Nelson 3 / 5 stars in Football Manager 26.

### Is Reiss Nelson likely to improve in FM 2026?
Even with good training and match time, Reiss Nelson is unlikely to improve much in Football Manager 26.

### Does Reiss Nelson have random potential ability in FM2026?
No, Reiss Nelson has fixed potential, this means how much he develops as a footballer will be the same in every new FM26 career you create.

### Is Reiss Nelson injury prone in FM2026?
Yes, Reiss Nelson is quite injury prone in Football Manager 26. It is likely he will get a few injuries, take this into consideration when thinking about signing him.

### What position does Reiss Nelson play in FM26?
Reiss Nelson plays as AM RL in Football Manager 26.

### What nationality is Reiss Nelson in FM2026?
Reiss Nelson is English in Football Manager 26.

### How old is Reiss Nelson?
Reiss Nelson is 25 Years, 6 Months and 17 Days Old at the start of Football Manager 26. He was born on 10th December 1999.

### How much money does Reiss Nelson earn at Arsenal?
Reiss Nelson earns £90k in wages while playing for Arsenal in FM26.

### When does Reiss Nelson contract expire in FM26?
Reiss Nelson has a contract with Arsenal until 30-06-2027.

### Does Reiss Nelson have a minimum fee release clause in FM26?
No, Reiss Nelson does not have a minimum fee release clause in Football Manager 26.

### Is Reiss Nelson on loan in Brentford?
Yes Reiss Nelson is on loan to Brentford in Football Manager 26.
