ID 28108490 Name Jadon Sancho Age 25 DOB 2000-03-25 Gender male Nationality England Contracted Club Manchester United Loan Club Aston Villa Club Contract Type Full-Time Wage £275k Contract Expires 30-06-2026 Contract Signed 01-07-2025 Value £36m Estimated Cost £73m Loan Expires 31-05-2026 Position AM RLC Current Ability

change from previous game Potential Ability

change from previous game CA Remaining 30

This is a preview of what Jadon Sancho looks like in FM26.

## FAQ

### How much does Jadon Sancho cost in Football Manager 26?
Jadon Sancho is valued at £36m in FM26 but you should expect to pay £73m if you want to buy him.

### How good is Jadon Sancho in FM 26?
We rate Jadon Sancho 3 / 5 stars in Football Manager 26.

### Is Jadon Sancho likely to improve in FM 2026?
Jadon Sancho has the potential ability to become rated 4/5 in Football Manager 26.

### Does Jadon Sancho have random potential ability in FM2026?
No, Jadon Sancho has fixed potential, this means how much he develops as a footballer will be the same in every new FM26 career you create.

### Is Jadon Sancho injury prone in FM2026?
No, Jadon Sancho is not injury prone in Football Manager 26. It is unlikely he will get more injuries than normal.

### What position does Jadon Sancho play in FM26?
Jadon Sancho plays as AM RLC in Football Manager 26.

### What nationality is Jadon Sancho in FM2026?
Jadon Sancho is English in Football Manager 26.

### How old is Jadon Sancho?
Jadon Sancho is 25 Years, 3 Months and 2 Days Old at the start of Football Manager 26. He was born on 25th March 2000.

### How much money does Jadon Sancho earn at Manchester United?
Jadon Sancho earns £275k in wages while playing for Manchester United in FM26.

### When does Jadon Sancho contract expire in FM26?
Jadon Sancho has a contract with Manchester United until 30-06-2026.

### Does Jadon Sancho have a minimum fee release clause in FM26?
No, Jadon Sancho does not have a minimum fee release clause in Football Manager 26.

### Is Jadon Sancho on loan in Aston Villa?
Yes Jadon Sancho is on loan to Aston Villa in Football Manager 26.
