ID 28106684 Name Joe Willock Age 25 DOB 1999-08-20 Gender male Nationality England Contracted Club Newcastle United Club Contract Type Full-Time Wage £80k Contract Expires 30-06-2027 Contract Signed 01-07-2025 Value £18m Estimated Cost £25m Position M C Current Ability

change from previous game Potential Ability

change from previous game CA Remaining 19

This is a preview of what Joe Willock looks like in FM26.

## FAQ

### How much does Joe Willock cost in Football Manager 26?
Joe Willock is valued at £18m in FM26 but you should expect to pay £25m if you want to buy him.

### How good is Joe Willock in FM 26?
We rate Joe Willock 3 / 5 stars in Football Manager 26.

### Is Joe Willock likely to improve in FM 2026?
Even with good training and match time, Joe Willock is unlikely to improve much in Football Manager 26.

### Does Joe Willock have random potential ability in FM2026?
No, Joe Willock has fixed potential, this means how much he develops as a footballer will be the same in every new FM26 career you create.

### Is Joe Willock injury prone in FM2026?
No, Joe Willock is not injury prone in Football Manager 26. It is unlikely he will get more injuries than normal.

### What position does Joe Willock play in FM26?
Joe Willock plays as M C in Football Manager 26.

### What nationality is Joe Willock in FM2026?
Joe Willock is English in Football Manager 26.

### How old is Joe Willock?
Joe Willock is 25 Years, 10 Months and 7 Days Old at the start of Football Manager 26. He was born on 20th August 1999.

### How much money does Joe Willock earn at Newcastle United?
Joe Willock earns £80k in wages while playing for Newcastle United in FM26.

### When does Joe Willock contract expire in FM26?
Joe Willock has a contract with Newcastle United until 30-06-2027.

### Does Joe Willock have a minimum fee release clause in FM26?
No, Joe Willock does not have a minimum fee release clause in Football Manager 26.
