ID 28117372 Name Nathan Collins Age 24 DOB 2001-04-30 Gender male Nationality The Republic of Ireland Contracted Club Brentford Club Contract Type Full-Time Wage £48k Contract Expires 30-06-2029 Contract Signed 01-07-2025 Value £41m Estimated Cost £48m Position D C Current Ability

change from previous game Potential Ability

change from previous game CA Remaining 12

This is a preview of what Nathan Collins looks like in FM26.

## FAQ

### How much does Nathan Collins cost in Football Manager 26?
Nathan Collins is valued at £41m in FM26 but you should expect to pay £48m if you want to buy him.

### How good is Nathan Collins in FM 26?
We rate Nathan Collins 3 / 5 stars in Football Manager 26.

### Is Nathan Collins likely to improve in FM 2026?
Even with good training and match time, Nathan Collins is unlikely to improve much in Football Manager 26.

### Does Nathan Collins have random potential ability in FM2026?
No, Nathan Collins has fixed potential, this means how much he develops as a footballer will be the same in every new FM26 career you create.

### Is Nathan Collins injury prone in FM2026?
No, Nathan Collins is not injury prone in Football Manager 26. It is unlikely he will get more injuries than normal.

### What position does Nathan Collins play in FM26?
Nathan Collins plays as D C in Football Manager 26.

### What nationality is Nathan Collins in FM2026?
Nathan Collins is Irish in Football Manager 26.

### How old is Nathan Collins?
Nathan Collins is 24 Years, 1 Months and 28 Days Old at the start of Football Manager 26. He was born on 30th April 2001.

### How much money does Nathan Collins earn at Brentford?
Nathan Collins earns £48k in wages while playing for Brentford in FM26.

### When does Nathan Collins contract expire in FM26?
Nathan Collins has a contract with Brentford until 30-06-2029.

### Does Nathan Collins have a minimum fee release clause in FM26?
No, Nathan Collins does not have a minimum fee release clause in Football Manager 26.
