ID 28115831 Name James Garner Age 24 DOB 2001-03-13 Gender male Nationality England Contracted Club Everton Club Contract Type Full-Time Wage £145k Contract Expires 30-06-2030 Contract Signed 01-07-2025 Value £48m Estimated Cost £58m Position DM Current Ability

change from previous game Potential Ability

change from previous game CA Remaining 13

This is a preview of what James Garner looks like in FM26.

## FAQ

### How much does James Garner cost in Football Manager 26?
James Garner is valued at £48m in FM26 but you should expect to pay £58m if you want to buy him.

### How good is James Garner in FM 26?
We rate James Garner 3 / 5 stars in Football Manager 26.

### Is James Garner likely to improve in FM 2026?
James Garner has the potential ability to become rated 4/5 in Football Manager 26.

### Does James Garner have random potential ability in FM2026?
No, James Garner has fixed potential, this means how much he develops as a footballer will be the same in every new FM26 career you create.

### Is James Garner injury prone in FM2026?
No, James Garner is not injury prone in Football Manager 26. It is unlikely he will get more injuries than normal.

### What position does James Garner play in FM26?
James Garner plays as DM in Football Manager 26.

### What nationality is James Garner in FM2026?
James Garner is English in Football Manager 26.

### How old is James Garner?
James Garner is 24 Years, 3 Months and 14 Days Old at the start of Football Manager 26. He was born on 13th March 2001.

### How much money does James Garner earn at Everton?
James Garner earns £145k in wages while playing for Everton in FM26.

### When does James Garner contract expire in FM26?
James Garner has a contract with Everton until 30-06-2030.

### Does James Garner have a minimum fee release clause in FM26?
No, James Garner does not have a minimum fee release clause in Football Manager 26.
