ID 28121568 Name Anthony Elanga Age 23 DOB 2002-04-27 Gender male Nationality Sweden Contracted Club Newcastle United Club Contract Type Full-Time Wage £90k Contract Expires 30-06-2030 Contract Signed 01-07-2025 Value £52m Estimated Cost £135m Position AM RL Current Ability

change from previous game Potential Ability

change from previous game CA Remaining 7

This is a preview of what Anthony Elanga looks like in FM26.

## FAQ

### How much does Anthony Elanga cost in Football Manager 26?
Anthony Elanga is valued at £52m in FM26 but you should expect to pay £135m if you want to buy him.

### How good is Anthony Elanga in FM 26?
We rate Anthony Elanga 3 / 5 stars in Football Manager 26.

### Is Anthony Elanga likely to improve in FM 2026?
Even with good training and match time, Anthony Elanga is unlikely to improve much in Football Manager 26.

### Does Anthony Elanga have random potential ability in FM2026?
No, Anthony Elanga has fixed potential, this means how much he develops as a footballer will be the same in every new FM26 career you create.

### Is Anthony Elanga injury prone in FM2026?
No, Anthony Elanga is not injury prone in Football Manager 26. It is unlikely he will get more injuries than normal.

### What position does Anthony Elanga play in FM26?
Anthony Elanga plays as AM RL in Football Manager 26.

### What nationality is Anthony Elanga in FM2026?
Anthony Elanga is Swedish in Football Manager 26.

### How old is Anthony Elanga?
Anthony Elanga is 23 Years, 2 Months and 0 Days Old at the start of Football Manager 26. He was born on 27th April 2002.

### How much money does Anthony Elanga earn at Newcastle United?
Anthony Elanga earns £90k in wages while playing for Newcastle United in FM26.

### When does Anthony Elanga contract expire in FM26?
Anthony Elanga has a contract with Newcastle United until 30-06-2030.

### Does Anthony Elanga have a minimum fee release clause in FM26?
No, Anthony Elanga does not have a minimum fee release clause in Football Manager 26.
