ID 29055569 Name James Tarkowski Age 32 DOB 1992-11-19 Gender male Nationality England Contracted Club Everton Club Contract Type Full-Time Wage £100k Contract Expires 30-06-2028 Contract Signed 01-07-2025 Value £14m Estimated Cost £16m Position D C Current Ability

change from previous game Potential Ability

change from previous game CA Remaining 12

This is a preview of what James Tarkowski looks like in FM26.

## FAQ

### How much does James Tarkowski cost in Football Manager 26?
James Tarkowski is valued at £14m in FM26 but you should expect to pay £16m if you want to buy him.

### How good is James Tarkowski in FM 26?
We rate James Tarkowski 3 / 5 stars in Football Manager 26.

### Is James Tarkowski likely to improve in FM 2026?
Even with good training and match time, James Tarkowski is unlikely to improve much in Football Manager 26.

### Does James Tarkowski have random potential ability in FM2026?
No, James Tarkowski has fixed potential, this means how much he develops as a footballer will be the same in every new FM26 career you create.

### Is James Tarkowski injury prone in FM2026?
No, James Tarkowski is not injury prone in Football Manager 26. It is unlikely he will get more injuries than normal.

### What position does James Tarkowski play in FM26?
James Tarkowski plays as D C in Football Manager 26.

### What nationality is James Tarkowski in FM2026?
James Tarkowski is English in Football Manager 26.

### How old is James Tarkowski?
James Tarkowski is 32 Years, 7 Months and 8 Days Old at the start of Football Manager 26. He was born on 19th November 1992.

### How much money does James Tarkowski earn at Everton?
James Tarkowski earns £100k in wages while playing for Everton in FM26.

### When does James Tarkowski contract expire in FM26?
James Tarkowski has a contract with Everton until 30-06-2028.

### Does James Tarkowski have a minimum fee release clause in FM26?
No, James Tarkowski does not have a minimum fee release clause in Football Manager 26.
