ID 29061164 Name Dan Burn Age 33 DOB 1992-05-09 Gender male Nationality England Contracted Club Newcastle United Club Contract Type Full-Time Wage £75k Contract Expires 30-06-2027 Contract Signed 01-07-2025 Value £14m Estimated Cost £28m Position D LC Current Ability

change from previous game Potential Ability

change from previous game CA Remaining 0 Dan Burn has peaked and will not improve in FM26.

This is a preview of what Dan Burn looks like in FM26.

## FAQ

### How much does Dan Burn cost in Football Manager 26?
Dan Burn is valued at £14m in FM26 but you should expect to pay £28m if you want to buy him.

### How good is Dan Burn in FM 26?
We rate Dan Burn 3 / 5 stars in Football Manager 26.

### Is Dan Burn likely to improve in FM 2026?
Even with good training and match time, Dan Burn is unlikely to improve much in Football Manager 26.

### Does Dan Burn have random potential ability in FM2026?
No, Dan Burn has fixed potential, this means how much he develops as a footballer will be the same in every new FM26 career you create.

### Is Dan Burn injury prone in FM2026?
No, Dan Burn is not injury prone in Football Manager 26. It is unlikely he will get more injuries than normal.

### What position does Dan Burn play in FM26?
Dan Burn plays as D LC in Football Manager 26.

### What nationality is Dan Burn in FM2026?
Dan Burn is English in Football Manager 26.

### How old is Dan Burn?
Dan Burn is 33 Years, 1 Months and 18 Days Old at the start of Football Manager 26. He was born on 9th May 1992.

### How much money does Dan Burn earn at Newcastle United?
Dan Burn earns £75k in wages while playing for Newcastle United in FM26.

### When does Dan Burn contract expire in FM26?
Dan Burn has a contract with Newcastle United until 30-06-2027.

### Does Dan Burn have a minimum fee release clause in FM26?
No, Dan Burn does not have a minimum fee release clause in Football Manager 26.
