ID 29074544 Name Tyrone Mings Age 32 DOB 1993-03-13 Gender male Nationality England Contracted Club Aston Villa Club Contract Type Full-Time Wage £105k Contract Expires 30-06-2027 Contract Signed 01-07-2025 Value £20m Estimated Cost £23m Position D LC Current Ability

change from previous game Potential Ability

change from previous game CA Remaining 2 Tyrone Mings has peaked and will not improve in FM26.

This is a preview of what Tyrone Mings looks like in FM26.

## FAQ

### How much does Tyrone Mings cost in Football Manager 26?
Tyrone Mings is valued at £20m in FM26 but you should expect to pay £23m if you want to buy him.

### How good is Tyrone Mings in FM 26?
We rate Tyrone Mings 3 / 5 stars in Football Manager 26.

### Is Tyrone Mings likely to improve in FM 2026?
Even with good training and match time, Tyrone Mings is unlikely to improve much in Football Manager 26.

### Does Tyrone Mings have random potential ability in FM2026?
No, Tyrone Mings has fixed potential, this means how much he develops as a footballer will be the same in every new FM26 career you create.

### Is Tyrone Mings injury prone in FM2026?
Yes, Tyrone Mings is quite injury prone in Football Manager 26. It is likely he will get a few injuries, take this into consideration when thinking about signing him.

### What position does Tyrone Mings play in FM26?
Tyrone Mings plays as D LC in Football Manager 26.

### What nationality is Tyrone Mings in FM2026?
Tyrone Mings is English in Football Manager 26.

### How old is Tyrone Mings?
Tyrone Mings is 32 Years, 3 Months and 14 Days Old at the start of Football Manager 26. He was born on 13th March 1993.

### How much money does Tyrone Mings earn at Aston Villa?
Tyrone Mings earns £105k in wages while playing for Aston Villa in FM26.

### When does Tyrone Mings contract expire in FM26?
Tyrone Mings has a contract with Aston Villa until 30-06-2027.

### Does Tyrone Mings have a minimum fee release clause in FM26?
No, Tyrone Mings does not have a minimum fee release clause in Football Manager 26.
