ID 29079830 Name Jacob Murphy Age 30 DOB 1995-02-24 Gender male Nationality England Contracted Club Newcastle United Club Contract Type Full-Time Wage £50k Contract Expires 30-06-2027 Contract Signed 01-07-2025 Value £28m Estimated Cost £55m Position AM RL Current Ability

change from previous game Potential Ability

change from previous game CA Remaining 0 Jacob Murphy has peaked and will not improve in FM26.

This is a preview of what Jacob Murphy looks like in FM26.

## FAQ

### How much does Jacob Murphy cost in Football Manager 26?
Jacob Murphy is valued at £28m in FM26 but you should expect to pay £55m if you want to buy him.

### How good is Jacob Murphy in FM 26?
We rate Jacob Murphy 3 / 5 stars in Football Manager 26.

### Is Jacob Murphy likely to improve in FM 2026?
Even with good training and match time, Jacob Murphy is unlikely to improve much in Football Manager 26.

### Does Jacob Murphy have random potential ability in FM2026?
No, Jacob Murphy has fixed potential, this means how much he develops as a footballer will be the same in every new FM26 career you create.

### Is Jacob Murphy injury prone in FM2026?
No, Jacob Murphy is not injury prone in Football Manager 26. It is unlikely he will get more injuries than normal.

### What position does Jacob Murphy play in FM26?
Jacob Murphy plays as AM RL in Football Manager 26.

### What nationality is Jacob Murphy in FM2026?
Jacob Murphy is English in Football Manager 26.

### How old is Jacob Murphy?
Jacob Murphy is 30 Years, 4 Months and 3 Days Old at the start of Football Manager 26. He was born on 24th February 1995.

### How much money does Jacob Murphy earn at Newcastle United?
Jacob Murphy earns £50k in wages while playing for Newcastle United in FM26.

### When does Jacob Murphy contract expire in FM26?
Jacob Murphy has a contract with Newcastle United until 30-06-2027.

### Does Jacob Murphy have a minimum fee release clause in FM26?
No, Jacob Murphy does not have a minimum fee release clause in Football Manager 26.
