ID 29083750 Name Nick Pope Age 33 DOB 1992-04-19 Gender male Nationality England Contracted Club Newcastle United Club Contract Type Full-Time Wage £120k Contract Expires 30-06-2027 Contract Signed 01-07-2025 Value  Estimated Cost £300m Position GK Current Ability

change from previous game Potential Ability

change from previous game CA Remaining 14

This is a preview of what Nick Pope looks like in FM26.

## FAQ

### How much does Nick Pope cost in Football Manager 26?
Nick Pope is valued at  in FM26 but you should expect to pay £300m if you want to buy him.

### How good is Nick Pope in FM 26?
We rate Nick Pope 3 / 5 stars in Football Manager 26.

### Is Nick Pope likely to improve in FM 2026?
Even with good training and match time, Nick Pope is unlikely to improve much in Football Manager 26.

### Does Nick Pope have random potential ability in FM2026?
No, Nick Pope has fixed potential, this means how much he develops as a footballer will be the same in every new FM26 career you create.

### Is Nick Pope injury prone in FM2026?
No, Nick Pope is not injury prone in Football Manager 26. It is unlikely he will get more injuries than normal.

### What position does Nick Pope play in FM26?
Nick Pope plays as GK in Football Manager 26.

### What nationality is Nick Pope in FM2026?
Nick Pope is English in Football Manager 26.

### How old is Nick Pope?
Nick Pope is 33 Years, 2 Months and 8 Days Old at the start of Football Manager 26. He was born on 19th April 1992.

### How much money does Nick Pope earn at Newcastle United?
Nick Pope earns £120k in wages while playing for Newcastle United in FM26.

### When does Nick Pope contract expire in FM26?
Nick Pope has a contract with Newcastle United until 30-06-2027.

### Does Nick Pope have a minimum fee release clause in FM26?
No, Nick Pope does not have a minimum fee release clause in Football Manager 26.
