ID 29129073 Name Rico Henry Age 28 DOB 1997-07-08 Gender male Nationality Jamaica Contracted Club Brentford Club Contract Type Full-Time Wage £46k Contract Expires 30-06-2026 Contract Signed 01-07-2025 Value £30m Estimated Cost £35m Position D/WB L Current Ability

change from previous game Potential Ability

change from previous game CA Remaining 8

This is a preview of what Rico Henry looks like in FM26.

## FAQ

### How much does Rico Henry cost in Football Manager 26?
Rico Henry is valued at £30m in FM26 but you should expect to pay £35m if you want to buy him.

### How good is Rico Henry in FM 26?
We rate Rico Henry 3 / 5 stars in Football Manager 26.

### Is Rico Henry likely to improve in FM 2026?
Even with good training and match time, Rico Henry is unlikely to improve much in Football Manager 26.

### Does Rico Henry have random potential ability in FM2026?
No, Rico Henry has fixed potential, this means how much he develops as a footballer will be the same in every new FM26 career you create.

### Is Rico Henry injury prone in FM2026?
No, Rico Henry is not injury prone in Football Manager 26. It is unlikely he will get more injuries than normal.

### What position does Rico Henry play in FM26?
Rico Henry plays as D/WB L in Football Manager 26.

### What nationality is Rico Henry in FM2026?
Rico Henry is Jamaican in Football Manager 26.

### How old is Rico Henry?
Rico Henry is 27 Years, 11 Months and 19 Days Old at the start of Football Manager 26. He was born on 8th July 1997.

### How much money does Rico Henry earn at Brentford?
Rico Henry earns £46k in wages while playing for Brentford in FM26.

### When does Rico Henry contract expire in FM26?
Rico Henry has a contract with Brentford until 30-06-2026.

### Does Rico Henry have a minimum fee release clause in FM26?
No, Rico Henry does not have a minimum fee release clause in Football Manager 26.
