ID 29137172 Name Aaron Ramsdale Age 27 DOB 1998-05-14 Gender male Nationality England Contracted Club Southampton Loan Club Newcastle United Club Contract Type Full-Time Wage £72k Contract Expires 30-06-2028 Contract Signed 01-07-2025 Value £27m Estimated Cost £31m Loan Expires 31-05-2026 Position GK Current Ability

change from previous game Potential Ability

change from previous game CA Remaining 23

This is a preview of what Aaron Ramsdale looks like in FM26.

## FAQ

### How much does Aaron Ramsdale cost in Football Manager 26?
Aaron Ramsdale is valued at £27m in FM26 but you should expect to pay £31m if you want to buy him.

### How good is Aaron Ramsdale in FM 26?
We rate Aaron Ramsdale 3 / 5 stars in Football Manager 26.

### Is Aaron Ramsdale likely to improve in FM 2026?
Aaron Ramsdale has the potential ability to become rated 4/5 in Football Manager 26.

### Does Aaron Ramsdale have random potential ability in FM2026?
No, Aaron Ramsdale has fixed potential, this means how much he develops as a footballer will be the same in every new FM26 career you create.

### Is Aaron Ramsdale injury prone in FM2026?
No, Aaron Ramsdale is not injury prone in Football Manager 26. It is unlikely he will get more injuries than normal.

### What position does Aaron Ramsdale play in FM26?
Aaron Ramsdale plays as GK in Football Manager 26.

### What nationality is Aaron Ramsdale in FM2026?
Aaron Ramsdale is English in Football Manager 26.

### How old is Aaron Ramsdale?
Aaron Ramsdale is 27 Years, 1 Months and 13 Days Old at the start of Football Manager 26. He was born on 14th May 1998.

### How much money does Aaron Ramsdale earn at Southampton?
Aaron Ramsdale earns £72k in wages while playing for Southampton in FM26.

### When does Aaron Ramsdale contract expire in FM26?
Aaron Ramsdale has a contract with Southampton until 30-06-2028.

### Does Aaron Ramsdale have a minimum fee release clause in FM26?
No, Aaron Ramsdale does not have a minimum fee release clause in Football Manager 26.

### Is Aaron Ramsdale on loan in Newcastle United?
Yes Aaron Ramsdale is on loan to Newcastle United in Football Manager 26.
