ID 29141827 Name Ezri Konsa Age 27 DOB 1997-10-23 Gender male Nationality England Contracted Club Aston Villa Club Contract Type Full-Time Wage £105k Contract Expires 30-06-2028 Contract Signed 01-07-2025 Value £50m Estimated Cost £61m Position D C Current Ability

change from previous game Potential Ability

change from previous game CA Remaining 5

This is a preview of what Ezri Konsa looks like in FM26.

## FAQ

### How much does Ezri Konsa cost in Football Manager 26?
Ezri Konsa is valued at £50m in FM26 but you should expect to pay £61m if you want to buy him.

### How good is Ezri Konsa in FM 26?
We rate Ezri Konsa 3 / 5 stars in Football Manager 26.

### Is Ezri Konsa likely to improve in FM 2026?
Even with good training and match time, Ezri Konsa is unlikely to improve much in Football Manager 26.

### Does Ezri Konsa have random potential ability in FM2026?
No, Ezri Konsa has fixed potential, this means how much he develops as a footballer will be the same in every new FM26 career you create.

### Is Ezri Konsa injury prone in FM2026?
No, Ezri Konsa is not injury prone in Football Manager 26. It is unlikely he will get more injuries than normal.

### What position does Ezri Konsa play in FM26?
Ezri Konsa plays as D C in Football Manager 26.

### What nationality is Ezri Konsa in FM2026?
Ezri Konsa is English in Football Manager 26.

### How old is Ezri Konsa?
Ezri Konsa is 27 Years, 8 Months and 4 Days Old at the start of Football Manager 26. He was born on 23rd October 1997.

### How much money does Ezri Konsa earn at Aston Villa?
Ezri Konsa earns £105k in wages while playing for Aston Villa in FM26.

### When does Ezri Konsa contract expire in FM26?
Ezri Konsa has a contract with Aston Villa until 30-06-2028.

### Does Ezri Konsa have a minimum fee release clause in FM26?
No, Ezri Konsa does not have a minimum fee release clause in Football Manager 26.
