ID 29147447 Name Matty Cash Age 27 DOB 1997-08-07 Gender male Nationality Poland Contracted Club Aston Villa Club Contract Type Full-Time Wage £80k Contract Expires 30-06-2029 Contract Signed 01-07-2025 Value £47m Estimated Cost £57m Position D/WB R Current Ability

change from previous game Potential Ability

change from previous game CA Remaining 2 Matty Cash has peaked and will not improve in FM26.

This is a preview of what Matty Cash looks like in FM26.

## FAQ

### How much does Matty Cash cost in Football Manager 26?
Matty Cash is valued at £47m in FM26 but you should expect to pay £57m if you want to buy him.

### How good is Matty Cash in FM 26?
We rate Matty Cash 3 / 5 stars in Football Manager 26.

### Is Matty Cash likely to improve in FM 2026?
Even with good training and match time, Matty Cash is unlikely to improve much in Football Manager 26.

### Does Matty Cash have random potential ability in FM2026?
No, Matty Cash has fixed potential, this means how much he develops as a footballer will be the same in every new FM26 career you create.

### Is Matty Cash injury prone in FM2026?
Yes, Matty Cash is quite injury prone in Football Manager 26. It is likely he will get a few injuries, take this into consideration when thinking about signing him.

### What position does Matty Cash play in FM26?
Matty Cash plays as D/WB R in Football Manager 26.

### What nationality is Matty Cash in FM2026?
Matty Cash is Polish in Football Manager 26.

### How old is Matty Cash?
Matty Cash is 27 Years, 10 Months and 20 Days Old at the start of Football Manager 26. He was born on 7th August 1997.

### How much money does Matty Cash earn at Aston Villa?
Matty Cash earns £80k in wages while playing for Aston Villa in FM26.

### When does Matty Cash contract expire in FM26?
Matty Cash has a contract with Aston Villa until 30-06-2029.

### Does Matty Cash have a minimum fee release clause in FM26?
No, Matty Cash does not have a minimum fee release clause in Football Manager 26.
