ID 29179241 Name Erling Haaland Age 24 DOB 2000-07-21 Gender male Nationality Norway Contracted Club Manchester City Club Contract Type Full-Time Wage £450k Contract Expires 30-06-2034 Contract Signed 01-07-2025 Value £179m Estimated Cost £300m Position ST Current Ability

change from previous game Potential Ability

change from previous game CA Remaining 11

This is a preview of what Erling Haaland looks like in FM26. Erling Haaland may be updated and look different if you are using the sortitoutsi FM26 Transfer Update which updates the Football Manager 26 database with all the latest transfers, updated squads and promotions and relegations. If you haven't tried it yet, check it out, t's the best Football Manager 26 Update you can download.

## FAQ

### How much does Erling Haaland cost in Football Manager 26?

Erling Haaland is valued at £179m in FM26 but you should expect to pay £300m if you want to buy him.

### How good is Erling Haaland in FM 26?

We rate Erling Haaland 4 / 5 stars in Football Manager 26.

### Is Erling Haaland likely to improve in FM 2026?

Even with good training and match time, Erling Haaland is unlikely to improve much in Football Manager 26.

### Does Erling Haaland have random potential ability in FM2026?

No, Erling Haaland has fixed potential, this means how much he develops as a footballer will be the same in every new FM26 career you create.

### Is Erling Haaland injury prone in FM2026?

Yes, Erling Haaland is quite injury prone in Football Manager 26. It is likely he will get a few injuries, take this into consideration when thinking about signing him.

### What position does Erling Haaland play in FM26?

Erling Haaland plays as ST in Football Manager 26.

### What nationality is Erling Haaland in FM2026?

Erling Haaland is Norwegian in Football Manager 26.

### How old is Erling Haaland?

Erling Haaland is 24 Years, 11 Months and 6 Days Old at the start of Football Manager 26. He was born on 21st July 2000.

### How much money does Erling Haaland earn at Manchester City?

Erling Haaland earns £450k in wages while playing for Manchester City in FM26.

### When does Erling Haaland contract expire in FM26?

Erling Haaland has a contract with Manchester City until 30-06-2034.

### Does Erling Haaland have a minimum fee release clause in FM26?

No, Erling Haaland does not have a minimum fee release clause in Football Manager 26.
