ID 29178504 Name Djed Spence Age 24 DOB 2000-08-09 Gender male Nationality England Contracted Club Tottenham Hotspur Club Contract Type Full-Time Wage £85k Contract Expires 30-06-2029 Contract Signed 01-07-2025 Value £34m Estimated Cost £79m Position D/WB RL Current Ability

change from previous game Potential Ability

change from previous game CA Remaining 10

This is a preview of what Djed Spence looks like in FM26.

## FAQ

### How much does Djed Spence cost in Football Manager 26?
Djed Spence is valued at £34m in FM26 but you should expect to pay £79m if you want to buy him.

### How good is Djed Spence in FM 26?
We rate Djed Spence 3 / 5 stars in Football Manager 26.

### Is Djed Spence likely to improve in FM 2026?
Even with good training and match time, Djed Spence is unlikely to improve much in Football Manager 26.

### Does Djed Spence have random potential ability in FM2026?
No, Djed Spence has fixed potential, this means how much he develops as a footballer will be the same in every new FM26 career you create.

### Is Djed Spence injury prone in FM2026?
No, Djed Spence is not injury prone in Football Manager 26. It is unlikely he will get more injuries than normal.

### What position does Djed Spence play in FM26?
Djed Spence plays as D/WB RL in Football Manager 26.

### What nationality is Djed Spence in FM2026?
Djed Spence is English in Football Manager 26.

### How old is Djed Spence?
Djed Spence is 24 Years, 10 Months and 18 Days Old at the start of Football Manager 26. He was born on 9th August 2000.

### How much money does Djed Spence earn at Tottenham Hotspur?
Djed Spence earns £85k in wages while playing for Tottenham Hotspur in FM26.

### When does Djed Spence contract expire in FM26?
Djed Spence has a contract with Tottenham Hotspur until 30-06-2029.

### Does Djed Spence have a minimum fee release clause in FM26?
No, Djed Spence does not have a minimum fee release clause in Football Manager 26.
