ID 29233143 Name Harvey Elliott Age 22 DOB 2003-04-04 Gender male Nationality England Contracted Club Liverpool Loan Club Aston Villa Club Contract Type Full-Time Wage £85k Contract Expires 30-06-2027 Contract Signed 01-07-2025 Value £51m Estimated Cost £101m Loan Expires 31-05-2026 Position AM RC Current Ability

change from previous game Potential Ability

change from previous game CA Remaining 18

This is a preview of what Harvey Elliott looks like in FM26.

## FAQ

### How much does Harvey Elliott cost in Football Manager 26?
Harvey Elliott is valued at £51m in FM26 but you should expect to pay £101m if you want to buy him.

### How good is Harvey Elliott in FM 26?
We rate Harvey Elliott 3 / 5 stars in Football Manager 26.

### Is Harvey Elliott likely to improve in FM 2026?
Harvey Elliott has the potential ability to become rated 4/5 in Football Manager 26.

### Does Harvey Elliott have random potential ability in FM2026?
No, Harvey Elliott has fixed potential, this means how much he develops as a footballer will be the same in every new FM26 career you create.

### Is Harvey Elliott injury prone in FM2026?
No, Harvey Elliott is not injury prone in Football Manager 26. It is unlikely he will get more injuries than normal.

### What position does Harvey Elliott play in FM26?
Harvey Elliott plays as AM RC in Football Manager 26.

### What nationality is Harvey Elliott in FM2026?
Harvey Elliott is English in Football Manager 26.

### How old is Harvey Elliott?
Harvey Elliott is 22 Years, 2 Months and 23 Days Old at the start of Football Manager 26. He was born on 4th April 2003.

### How much money does Harvey Elliott earn at Liverpool?
Harvey Elliott earns £85k in wages while playing for Liverpool in FM26.

### When does Harvey Elliott contract expire in FM26?
Harvey Elliott has a contract with Liverpool until 30-06-2027.

### Does Harvey Elliott have a minimum fee release clause in FM26?
No, Harvey Elliott does not have a minimum fee release clause in Football Manager 26.

### Is Harvey Elliott on loan in Aston Villa?
Yes Harvey Elliott is on loan to Aston Villa in Football Manager 26.
