ID 37024025 Name Virgil van Dijk Age 34 DOB 1991-07-08 Gender male Nationality The Netherlands Contracted Club Liverpool Club Contract Type Full-Time Wage £350k Contract Expires 30-06-2027 Contract Signed 01-07-2025 Value Estimated Cost £300m Position D C Current Ability

change from previous game Potential Ability

change from previous game CA Remaining 6

This is a preview of what Virgil van Dijk looks like in FM26. Virgil van Dijk may be updated and look different if you are using the sortitoutsi FM26 Transfer Update which updates the Football Manager 26 database with all the latest transfers, updated squads and promotions and relegations. If you haven't tried it yet, check it out, t's the best Football Manager 26 Update you can download.

## FAQ

### How much does Virgil van Dijk cost in Football Manager 26?

Virgil van Dijk is valued at in FM26 but you should expect to pay £300m if you want to buy him.

### How good is Virgil van Dijk in FM 26?

We rate Virgil van Dijk 4 / 5 stars in Football Manager 26.

### Is Virgil van Dijk likely to improve in FM 2026?

Even with good training and match time, Virgil van Dijk is unlikely to improve much in Football Manager 26.

### Does Virgil van Dijk have random potential ability in FM2026?

No, Virgil van Dijk has fixed potential, this means how much he develops as a footballer will be the same in every new FM26 career you create.

### Is Virgil van Dijk injury prone in FM2026?

No, Virgil van Dijk is not injury prone in Football Manager 26. It is unlikely he will get more injuries than normal.

### What position does Virgil van Dijk play in FM26?

Virgil van Dijk plays as D C in Football Manager 26.

### What nationality is Virgil van Dijk in FM2026?

Virgil van Dijk is Dutch in Football Manager 26.

### How old is Virgil van Dijk?

Virgil van Dijk is 33 Years, 11 Months and 19 Days Old at the start of Football Manager 26. He was born on 8th July 1991.

### How much money does Virgil van Dijk earn at Liverpool?

Virgil van Dijk earns £350k in wages while playing for Liverpool in FM26.

### When does Virgil van Dijk contract expire in FM26?

Virgil van Dijk has a contract with Liverpool until 30-06-2027.

### Does Virgil van Dijk have a minimum fee release clause in FM26?

No, Virgil van Dijk does not have a minimum fee release clause in Football Manager 26.
