ID 43252073 Name Gianluigi Donnarumma Age 26 DOB 1999-02-25 Gender male Nationality Italy Contracted Club Manchester City Club Contract Type Full-Time Wage £250k Contract Expires 30-06-2030 Contract Signed 01-07-2025 Value £89m Estimated Cost £205m Position GK Current Ability

change from previous game Potential Ability

change from previous game CA Remaining 0 Gianluigi Donnarumma has peaked and will not improve in FM26.

This is a preview of what Gianluigi Donnarumma looks like in FM26. Gianluigi Donnarumma may be updated and look different if you are using the sortitoutsi FM26 Transfer Update which updates the Football Manager 26 database with all the latest transfers, updated squads and promotions and relegations. If you haven't tried it yet, check it out, t's the best Football Manager 26 Update you can download.

## FAQ

### How much does Gianluigi Donnarumma cost in Football Manager 26?

Gianluigi Donnarumma is valued at £89m in FM26 but you should expect to pay £205m if you want to buy him.

### How good is Gianluigi Donnarumma in FM 26?

We rate Gianluigi Donnarumma 4 / 5 stars in Football Manager 26.

### Is Gianluigi Donnarumma likely to improve in FM 2026?

Even with good training and match time, Gianluigi Donnarumma is unlikely to improve much in Football Manager 26.

### Does Gianluigi Donnarumma have random potential ability in FM2026?

No, Gianluigi Donnarumma has fixed potential, this means how much he develops as a footballer will be the same in every new FM26 career you create.

### Is Gianluigi Donnarumma injury prone in FM2026?

No, Gianluigi Donnarumma is not injury prone in Football Manager 26. It is unlikely he will get more injuries than normal.

### What position does Gianluigi Donnarumma play in FM26?

Gianluigi Donnarumma plays as GK in Football Manager 26.

### What nationality is Gianluigi Donnarumma in FM2026?

Gianluigi Donnarumma is Italian in Football Manager 26.

### How old is Gianluigi Donnarumma?

Gianluigi Donnarumma is 26 Years, 4 Months and 2 Days Old at the start of Football Manager 26. He was born on 25th February 1999.

### How much money does Gianluigi Donnarumma earn at Manchester City?

Gianluigi Donnarumma earns £250k in wages while playing for Manchester City in FM26.

### When does Gianluigi Donnarumma contract expire in FM26?

Gianluigi Donnarumma has a contract with Manchester City until 30-06-2030.

### Does Gianluigi Donnarumma have a minimum fee release clause in FM26?

No, Gianluigi Donnarumma does not have a minimum fee release clause in Football Manager 26.
