ID 53110135 Name Kristoffer Ajer Age 27 DOB 1998-04-17 Gender male Nationality Norway Contracted Club Brentford Club Contract Type Full-Time Wage £55k Contract Expires 30-06-2030 Contract Signed 01-07-2025 Value £33m Estimated Cost £38m Position D RC Current Ability

change from previous game Potential Ability

change from previous game CA Remaining 12

This is a preview of what Kristoffer Ajer looks like in FM26.

## FAQ

### How much does Kristoffer Ajer cost in Football Manager 26?
Kristoffer Ajer is valued at £33m in FM26 but you should expect to pay £38m if you want to buy him.

### How good is Kristoffer Ajer in FM 26?
We rate Kristoffer Ajer 3 / 5 stars in Football Manager 26.

### Is Kristoffer Ajer likely to improve in FM 2026?
Even with good training and match time, Kristoffer Ajer is unlikely to improve much in Football Manager 26.

### Does Kristoffer Ajer have random potential ability in FM2026?
No, Kristoffer Ajer has fixed potential, this means how much he develops as a footballer will be the same in every new FM26 career you create.

### Is Kristoffer Ajer injury prone in FM2026?
Yes, Kristoffer Ajer is very injury prone in Football Manager 26 and it is likely he will get alot of injuries. Best to avoid signing him.

### What position does Kristoffer Ajer play in FM26?
Kristoffer Ajer plays as D RC in Football Manager 26.

### What nationality is Kristoffer Ajer in FM2026?
Kristoffer Ajer is Norwegian in Football Manager 26.

### How old is Kristoffer Ajer?
Kristoffer Ajer is 27 Years, 2 Months and 10 Days Old at the start of Football Manager 26. He was born on 17th April 1998.

### How much money does Kristoffer Ajer earn at Brentford?
Kristoffer Ajer earns £55k in wages while playing for Brentford in FM26.

### When does Kristoffer Ajer contract expire in FM26?
Kristoffer Ajer has a contract with Brentford until 30-06-2030.

### Does Kristoffer Ajer have a minimum fee release clause in FM26?
No, Kristoffer Ajer does not have a minimum fee release clause in Football Manager 26.
