ID 55070299 Name Rúben Dias Age 28 DOB 1997-05-14 Gender male Nationality Portugal Contracted Club Manchester City Club Contract Type Full-Time Wage £200k Contract Expires 30-06-2029 Contract Signed 01-07-2025 Value £89m Estimated Cost £204m Position D C Current Ability

change from previous game Potential Ability

change from previous game CA Remaining 9

## FAQ

### How much does Rúben Dias cost in Football Manager 26?

Rúben Dias is valued at £89m in FM26 but you should expect to pay £204m if you want to buy him.

### How good is Rúben Dias in FM 26?

We rate Rúben Dias 4 / 5 stars in Football Manager 26.

### Is Rúben Dias likely to improve in FM 2026?

Even with good training and match time, Rúben Dias is unlikely to improve much in Football Manager 26.

### Does Rúben Dias have random potential ability in FM2026?

No, Rúben Dias has fixed potential, this means how much he develops as a footballer will be the same in every new FM26 career you create.

### Is Rúben Dias injury prone in FM2026?

No, Rúben Dias is not injury prone in Football Manager 26. It is unlikely he will get more injuries than normal.

### What position does Rúben Dias play in FM26?

Rúben Dias plays as D C in Football Manager 26.

### What nationality is Rúben Dias in FM2026?

Rúben Dias is Portuguese in Football Manager 26.

### How old is Rúben Dias?

Rúben Dias is 28 Years, 1 Months and 13 Days Old at the start of Football Manager 26. He was born on 14th May 1997.

### How much money does Rúben Dias earn at Manchester City?

Rúben Dias earns £200k in wages while playing for Manchester City in FM26.

### When does Rúben Dias contract expire in FM26?

Rúben Dias has a contract with Manchester City until 30-06-2029.

### Does Rúben Dias have a minimum fee release clause in FM26?

No, Rúben Dias does not have a minimum fee release clause in Football Manager 26.
