ID 61043070 Name John McGinn Age 30 DOB 1994-10-18 Gender male Nationality Scotland Contracted Club Aston Villa Club Contract Type Full-Time Wage £115k Contract Expires 30-06-2028 Contract Signed 01-07-2025 Value £38m Estimated Cost £46m Position AM RLC Current Ability

change from previous game Potential Ability

change from previous game CA Remaining 8

This is a preview of what John McGinn looks like in FM26.

## FAQ

### How much does John McGinn cost in Football Manager 26?
John McGinn is valued at £38m in FM26 but you should expect to pay £46m if you want to buy him.

### How good is John McGinn in FM 26?
We rate John McGinn 3 / 5 stars in Football Manager 26.

### Is John McGinn likely to improve in FM 2026?
Even with good training and match time, John McGinn is unlikely to improve much in Football Manager 26.

### Does John McGinn have random potential ability in FM2026?
No, John McGinn has fixed potential, this means how much he develops as a footballer will be the same in every new FM26 career you create.

### Is John McGinn injury prone in FM2026?
No, John McGinn is not injury prone in Football Manager 26. It is unlikely he will get more injuries than normal.

### What position does John McGinn play in FM26?
John McGinn plays as AM RLC in Football Manager 26.

### What nationality is John McGinn in FM2026?
John McGinn is Scottish in Football Manager 26.

### How old is John McGinn?
John McGinn is 30 Years, 8 Months and 9 Days Old at the start of Football Manager 26. He was born on 18th October 1994.

### How much money does John McGinn earn at Aston Villa?
John McGinn earns £115k in wages while playing for Aston Villa in FM26.

### When does John McGinn contract expire in FM26?
John McGinn has a contract with Aston Villa until 30-06-2028.

### Does John McGinn have a minimum fee release clause in FM26?
No, John McGinn does not have a minimum fee release clause in Football Manager 26.
