ID 67268221 Name Pedro Porro Age 25 DOB 1999-09-13 Gender male Nationality Spain Contracted Club Tottenham Hotspur Club Contract Type Full-Time Wage £112k Contract Expires 30-06-2028 Contract Signed 01-07-2025 Value £47m Estimated Cost £92m Position D/WB/M R Current Ability

change from previous game Potential Ability

change from previous game CA Remaining 20

This is a preview of what Pedro Porro looks like in FM26.

## FAQ

### How much does Pedro Porro cost in Football Manager 26?
Pedro Porro is valued at £47m in FM26 but you should expect to pay £92m if you want to buy him.

### How good is Pedro Porro in FM 26?
We rate Pedro Porro 3 / 5 stars in Football Manager 26.

### Is Pedro Porro likely to improve in FM 2026?
Pedro Porro has the potential ability to become rated 4/5 in Football Manager 26.

### Does Pedro Porro have random potential ability in FM2026?
No, Pedro Porro has fixed potential, this means how much he develops as a footballer will be the same in every new FM26 career you create.

### Is Pedro Porro injury prone in FM2026?
No, Pedro Porro is not injury prone in Football Manager 26. It is unlikely he will get more injuries than normal.

### What position does Pedro Porro play in FM26?
Pedro Porro plays as D/WB/M R in Football Manager 26.

### What nationality is Pedro Porro in FM2026?
Pedro Porro is Spanish in Football Manager 26.

### How old is Pedro Porro?
Pedro Porro is 25 Years, 9 Months and 14 Days Old at the start of Football Manager 26. He was born on 13th September 1999.

### How much money does Pedro Porro earn at Tottenham Hotspur?
Pedro Porro earns £112k in wages while playing for Tottenham Hotspur in FM26.

### When does Pedro Porro contract expire in FM26?
Pedro Porro has a contract with Tottenham Hotspur until 30-06-2028.

### Does Pedro Porro have a minimum fee release clause in FM26?
No, Pedro Porro does not have a minimum fee release clause in Football Manager 26.
