ID 91193048 Name Florian Wirtz Age 22 DOB 2003-05-03 Gender male Nationality Germany Contracted Club Liverpool Club Contract Type Full-Time Wage £200k Contract Expires 30-06-2030 Contract Signed 01-07-2025 Value £183m Estimated Cost £300m Position AM RLC Current Ability

change from previous game Potential Ability

change from previous game CA Remaining 18

## FAQ

### How much does Florian Wirtz cost in Football Manager 26?

Florian Wirtz is valued at £183m in FM26 but you should expect to pay £300m if you want to buy him.

### How good is Florian Wirtz in FM 26?

We rate Florian Wirtz 4 / 5 stars in Football Manager 26.

### Is Florian Wirtz likely to improve in FM 2026?

Even with good training and match time, Florian Wirtz is unlikely to improve much in Football Manager 26.

### Does Florian Wirtz have random potential ability in FM2026?

No, Florian Wirtz has fixed potential, this means how much he develops as a footballer will be the same in every new FM26 career you create.

### Is Florian Wirtz injury prone in FM2026?

No, Florian Wirtz is not injury prone in Football Manager 26. It is unlikely he will get more injuries than normal.

### What position does Florian Wirtz play in FM26?

Florian Wirtz plays as AM RLC in Football Manager 26.

### What nationality is Florian Wirtz in FM2026?

Florian Wirtz is German in Football Manager 26.

### How old is Florian Wirtz?

Florian Wirtz is 22 Years, 1 Months and 24 Days Old at the start of Football Manager 26. He was born on 3rd May 2003.

### How much money does Florian Wirtz earn at Liverpool?

Florian Wirtz earns £200k in wages while playing for Liverpool in FM26.

### When does Florian Wirtz contract expire in FM26?

Florian Wirtz has a contract with Liverpool until 30-06-2030.

### Does Florian Wirtz have a minimum fee release clause in FM26?

No, Florian Wirtz does not have a minimum fee release clause in Football Manager 26.
