ID 98028755 Name Mohamed Salah Age 33 DOB 1992-06-15 Gender male Nationality Egypt Contracted Club Liverpool Club Contract Type Full-Time Wage £400k Contract Expires 30-06-2027 Contract Signed 01-07-2025 Value Estimated Cost £300m Position AM RL, ST Current Ability

change from previous game Potential Ability

change from previous game CA Remaining 6

This is a preview of what Mohamed Salah looks like in FM26. Mohamed Salah may be updated and look different if you are using the sortitoutsi FM26 Transfer Update which updates the Football Manager 26 database with all the latest transfers, updated squads and promotions and relegations. If you haven't tried it yet, check it out, t's the best Football Manager 26 Update you can download.

## FAQ

### How much does Mohamed Salah cost in Football Manager 26?

Mohamed Salah is valued at in FM26 but you should expect to pay £300m if you want to buy him.

### How good is Mohamed Salah in FM 26?

We rate Mohamed Salah 4 / 5 stars in Football Manager 26.

### Is Mohamed Salah likely to improve in FM 2026?

Even with good training and match time, Mohamed Salah is unlikely to improve much in Football Manager 26.

### Does Mohamed Salah have random potential ability in FM2026?

No, Mohamed Salah has fixed potential, this means how much he develops as a footballer will be the same in every new FM26 career you create.

### Is Mohamed Salah injury prone in FM2026?

No, Mohamed Salah is not injury prone in Football Manager 26. It is unlikely he will get more injuries than normal.

### What position does Mohamed Salah play in FM26?

Mohamed Salah plays as AM RL, ST in Football Manager 26.

### What nationality is Mohamed Salah in FM2026?

Mohamed Salah is Egyptian in Football Manager 26.

### How old is Mohamed Salah?

Mohamed Salah is 33 Years, 0 Months and 12 Days Old at the start of Football Manager 26. He was born on 15th June 1992.

### How much money does Mohamed Salah earn at Liverpool?

Mohamed Salah earns £400k in wages while playing for Liverpool in FM26.

### When does Mohamed Salah contract expire in FM26?

Mohamed Salah has a contract with Liverpool until 30-06-2027.

### Does Mohamed Salah have a minimum fee release clause in FM26?

No, Mohamed Salah does not have a minimum fee release clause in Football Manager 26.
